

Search

List of terminal emulators

Article TalkLanguageDownload PDFWatchEdit

Fundraising banner

Fundraising banner navigation

I already donatedClose 

Fundraising banner message

Wikipedia still can't be sold.

20 May: If you're in Malaysia, please read before time runs out.

You deserve an explanation, so please don't skip this 1-minute read. It's Wednesday, 20 May. Our fundraiser won't last long, and we might not hit our goal. If you've lost count of how many times you've visited Wikipedia this year, we hope that means it's given you at least RM10 of knowledge. If everyone who saw this message gave RM10, we'd hit our goal in a few hours.

After nearly 25 years, Wikipedia is still the internet we were promised—created by people, not by machines. It's not perfect, but it's not here to push a point of view. It's run by a nonprofit, not a giant technology company or a billionaire.

Less than 2% of our readers donate. The rare few who give do so because Wikipedia provides them with useful knowledge. If that sounds like you, please donate RM10. Any contribution you make today helps.

Lisa Seitz Gruwell, Chief Advancement Officer, Wikimedia Foundation

Fundraising payment formPlease select an amount (MYR). The average donation in Malaysia is around RM30. Many first-time donors give RM10. If you've never given, all that matters is that you're choosing to stand up for free, open information. For that, you have our gratitude.

RM10

RM30

RM50

RM100

RM200

RM300

RM500

OtherOther (RM)

 I ask you, sincerely: don't skip this. Be one of the rare readers who gives.

Top-rated and trustworthy

25 years of the internet at its best

Problems donating?  |  Frequently asked questions  |  Where your donation goes  |  Other ways to give

Sorry to interrupt, but our fundraiser won't last long.

Give RM10

This is a list of notable terminal emulators. Most used terminal emulators on Linux and Unix-like systems are GNOME Terminal on GNOME and GTK-based environments, Konsole on KDE, and xfce4-terminal on Xfce as well as xterm.

List

